a message from the nil refugee camp that
Dalia aifi wants to be noticed around
the world a makeshift shelter made of te
cans that she hopes will raise awareness
about starvation and Al luming
famine our goal behind this creative
work is to send a message to the whole
world the only Aid delivered to Garin in
the north is canned food causing misery
to all children here mainly malnutrition
and diseases I wanted to tell the world
this is not our life we have our
traditional cuisine famous around the
world but for months we are
starving aifi didn't do it alone
children who have been one of the main
victims of Israel's war on Gaza played a
big
part the cans were provided by all the
children of the nil refugee camp it is
made up of 13,000 cans collected by
volunteer children together we opened
cans and with little cement inside built
the
tent the structure also serves as a
reception for Palestinians escaping
Israel's destruction in the
north we're living in misery this tent
symbolizes our suffering we're trapped
between a rock and a hard surface the
relief Aid being delivered is not enough
our children are starving and falling
sick we're suffering on many fronts lack
of shelter lack of food and above all
lack of security
it's a small but defined piece of art
that Afifi wants to bring attention to
the Palestinians plight Hamza Muhammad
Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer